---
id: yv2ymmop
title: Monitoring Module
file_version: 1.1.3
app_version: 1.12.0
---

### ℹ️ Description

**Monitoring** module is a comprehensive solution for collecting and storing infrastructure logs through AWS CloudWatch. It is designed to provide essential visibility into the performance and operations of infrastructure resources, such as servers or Single Page Applications (SPAs).

### 🎯 Responsibilities

*   **Collect and store service logs in real time:** Facilitate the consultation and analysis of logs to identify performance problems and operational errors.

### 🛠️ Technical Decisions

*   **Native integration service:** This service has a native integration with other AWS services, its scalability, and its ability to handle large volumes of log data.

*   **Flexible and reusable monitoring:** The service can be easily integrated into different applications and infrastructures.

### 📚 Resources

<br/>

This resource is responsible for creating a CloudWatch log group to group all the log streams to monitor the server outputs.

📝 Attributes:

*   **name:** Name of the group.

*   **retention\_in\_days:** Number of days to keep the logs.
<!-- NOTE-swimm-snippet: the lines below link your snippet to Swimm -->
### 📄 aws/modules/monitor/log_group.tf
```tf
11     resource "aws_cloudwatch_log_group" "server" {
12       name              = local.monitor.server.log.group.name
13       retention_in_days = 14
14     }
```

<br/>

> **Note.** The naming convention followings the <project>-<service>.

<br/>

This resource creates several CloudWatch log streams for monitoring the server outputs.

📝 Attributes:

*   **name:** Name of the stream, following the environment name.
<!-- NOTE-swimm-snippet: the lines below link your snippet to Swimm -->
### 📄 aws/modules/monitor/log_stream.tf
```tf
11     resource "aws_cloudwatch_log_stream" "server" {
12       name           = local.monitor.server.log.stream.name
13       log_group_name = aws_cloudwatch_log_group.server.name
14     }
```

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBaWduaXRlLWluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlJTNBJTNBcm9yZW1kZXY=/docs/yv2ymmop).
